MP-4336 Tax ID numbers (#196)
MyParcelCOM/docs: content/api/resources/common-objects/tax-identification-numbers.md

Usually, the same sender tax ID numbers apply across most shipments sent by the same [shop](/api/resources/shops), or even for all shops related to an [organization](/api/resources/organizations).
Therefore, it is possible to define these numbers on an organization using the `tax_identification_numbers` attribute.
This will cause all shipments that are created by a shop related to this organization to get these tax ID numbers set as `sender_tax_identification_numbers` when registered with the carrier.
Multiple tax ID numbers of the same `type` can be stored on the organization, as long as they have a different `country_code` property.
The `country_code` property is used to decide which numbers to use when sending from/to certain countries.

#### How organization and shipment tax ID numbers will be merged

There will be scenarios where a shipment needs a tax ID number that is different from the one defined on the organization (e.g. when selling via eBay).
This is why the `sender_tax_identification_numbers` defined on the shipment have priority over the `tax_identification_numbers` defined on the organization.

> This prioritization is done using the `type` and `country_code`, which overwrite the organization's tax ID number in case they are similar.

Author: ```suggestion
This prioritization is done using the `type` and `country_code` properties. If they are the same the shipment's tax ID number will overwrite the organization's tax ID number with the same `type` and `country_code`.
```
